So, you just said two
things that I think are super important
and the theme of the opener yesterday
was tough love. So, I'm gonna make a
tough love statement because what you
just said I think is so important is
that you as the CRO a are in the tools
every day and you're super interested in
it. You're genuinely curious. If your
sales leader that you're thinking of
hiring especially that you have is not
in the tools and worse not curious, are
they going to make it today? You're
cooked. You're cooked. You're cooked,
right?
Hey, are you tired of listening to hours
and hours of sales calls? Recording is
yesterday's game, folks. Yesterday's
game. Attention.com unleashes an army of
AI sales agents that autoupdate your
CRM, build custom sales decks, spot
cross-ell signals, and score calls even
before the coffee is cold. Even before
the coffee is cold. Teams like Bamboo HR
and Scale AI already automate their
sales and revops using customer
conversations. Step into the future at
attention.com/saster.
Thank you to the early bird. Very kind
day three. Somehow by day three 9:00
becomes very early. Kyle, thanks for
coming. Thanks for having me. A little
background, maybe it maybe a month or a
half ago, we do a Saster Workshop
Wednesday where we do a live meetup. I
did a version of this AI and how sales
is changing a month ago and I went to
redo it and so much has changed in one
month.
So, I want to talk through where I
think's going to happen. And then Kyle
is free. If you followed SAS, you've
probably seen Kyle before. He is a CR of
owner which just raised at a billion
dollar valuation the other day. This
week, Tuesday, you announced it just for
SAS. Tuesday. Tuesday. A billion dollar
valuation. So, congratulations to Kyle.
But even better, Kyle was close to the
first meeting and you were not the first
person in sales, but you probably joined
around a millionish of revenue, right?
Two and two. Two. And in fact, he joined
incredible founders. You can watch all
the stuff on SAS, but maybe even while
the company was in transition, right?
Your first couple months might not have
even been the easiest, the smoothest
ones, right? And several stages. So,
pretty impressive. And I've watched
Kyle do something. Two things that are
germanine to this conversation. One is
they're doing SMB sales to tiny
restaurants that do not read email,
okay? That do not do this [__] The ACV
is higher than you might think. It's
approaching 10K. But this is a hard
sale, okay? It's a full high four figure
sale to tiny business and vertical SAS
that do not buy software that are not
looking for things to bolt on to
Salesforce or HubSpot that probably
don't give a crap what CRM is, right?
And Kyle has crushed it in general. So,
we could do a whole section on the
secrets, but then Kyle is just very
curious about sales. He's a student of
sales. And so whatever AI is today in
sales, but to be more interesting where
it's going to be the next, I couldn't
think of someone better to join the
conversation. So is that a good bit of
background? Yeah, we're trying to put AI
in everywhere we can and I've mandated
to my team that this has to be a mission
critical priority. So I'm thinking a lot
about it everywhere and I want I've got
a bunch of stuff I want to talk about,
but when you said mandate for your team,
because this is a question we got even
to Yammen yesterday, what does that
mean? How do you show the team the path
forward for AI and sales? It has to
start with you as a leader. I'm in these
tools constantly. I'm definitely the
most well-versed in this area of the
business. And I think I find a genuine
curiosity. I'm interested in it. And
also like I I'm I have such high
conviction that this is going to be the
most important thing that we can figure
out in the next 12 to 24 months. And so
anything that I'm doing, I'm putting
into our leadership channels, my
personal clay workflows or the chat GPT
projects like that I use individually
for me as a leader. And I take a lot of
demos. I talk to a lot of founders. I
listen to a lot of content to try to
stay on the cutting edge with it because
like you said, it's changed radically in
30, 60, 90 days. And the riskreward is
so big that it takes up a lot of my mind
share. So you just said two
things that I think are super important
and the theme of the opener yesterday
was tough love. So I'm going to make a
tough love statement because what you
just said I think is so important is
that you as the CRO a are in the tools
every day and you're super interested in
it. You're genuinely curious. If your
sales leader that you're thinking of
hiring especially that you have is not
in the tools and worse not curious are
they going to make it today you're
cooked you're cooked by you're cooked
right yeah because the competitive
pressure is so great if you are not
making this a mission critical priority
your competitor is and if you look at
the gap in productivity between us and
our main competitors it's so drastic I
can spend so much more money on a per
person basis than anybody else we
compete with in marketing in post sales
because our machine is anywhere between
three and four times more efficient on a
per rep basis. Yeah, I want to come
thatund 1.5x 3 to 4x is pretty big. I
want to come back to that but you're
cooked right. I genuinely think and that
if on anyone on your executive team or
honestly I know this is tough love
anyone on your team that by June 30 is
not deeply curious like is not
pretending to use chat GPT once a week
to get recipes your team should be both
scared and a kid in a candy store. a kid
in a candy sir if your team is not this
is effing cool right every week I use a
new tool right and I was slow I for and
I want to talk about this I was into AI
as a student but until we launched our
SAS again I said we had 130,000 chats in
8 weeks then I've got it and now I use I
mean I was using but now I use brand new
tools every day like all the little
videos I made I use this app called
Hicksfield AI which is super cool like a
lot of the design this was done on AI
our design we have a the best designer
in the world but this whole idea was
done in Reeve.ai. So if you don't see
these people, if they're not talking in
the hallways and talking in the weekends
and on Slack about this cool what you
can do in AI and GDM, GTM, I think at
least I give them till June 30. By June
30, if not if July 1, I would like just
start take I know it's mean, but start
taking the blacking to the orc chart
because they had their chance, right?
They had their chance. And I've already
done this from a hiring perspective.
anybody in leadership. So in any
leadership role, there's a component of
the interview that's now what are you
doing with AI? What do you know about
it? How are you using it today? And I
really want to unpack it and it's been a
mandate. I don't care how good this
person is if they're not in the tools
and what I consider to be AI native.
Like we can't hire them. And I have a
halfdrafted Tobyesque letter for my
team. Yeah. Toby from Shopify who wrote
a letter to all of Shopify about how
everybody needs to be AI native. I've
drafted the same thing for my management
team and again but it can't be
superficial like I'm you might not have
to get here but like I'm in windsurf
vibe coding my own apps for internal use
as a CR yeah as a non I don't know you
told engineer as a kid no okay you're in
windsurf I took one Python course in
early 2023 when chatyppt was blowing up
just to learn a little bit about it but
now with windsurf I can legitimately so
I've got get my GitHub repos and I've
got it all set up so that I can actually
do what I want to do. And so I'm pulling
stuff out of the lever API to run
analysis on how we're hiring. Like I can
do you can do so much more if you put
your mind to it. And that maybe you
don't need to get to that bar right
away, but it can't be yeah recipes and
chatt that doesn't qualify. And so when
you're
interviewing an AE or an SDR today and
remind me the ratio of like general
outbound to inbounded owner, but when
you're interviewing for either role,
what's a good answer to that question?
What's a good answer to the interview?
I'm not actually as concerned for IC's.
Yeah, because we are running an SMB
motion and so most of the automation and
AI is centralized. I'm it's in my bisops
and revops team. I'm now hiring for a
GTMai lead. So, somebody who will do
nothing but this within the RevOps
organization. And so, I don't actually
need the reps in a bunch of tools
messing around. Okay. But, do they need
to be AI curious?
I think long-term they should, but for
what I need them to do, I don't actually
care because we're do. So, if you were
an enterprise rep, absolutely. But for
me, I'm going to do the AI call prep and
sell between work and the CRM
enrichment. I'm going to do that on mass
for everybody on their behalf. Okay? I'm
hiring one to threeyear
tenur reps on the UPS slope of their
career. And I don't need them to be
recreating the system. They need to
operate within my system and execute the
methodology, but for the betterment of
their career prospects, yeah, they
should be trying to learn it themselves.
It's just funny. I think I that makes
sense to me and I want to ask you then,
what stack do they walk into today?
What's this? And are they more
efficient? But it's interesting if
you're hiring folks with two to three
years of experience, right? They could
be any age, but let's say they're 24 on
average, right? I wonder if the ones you
hire in two to three, that's going to be
okay. Two to three more years. the kids
today that are graduating high school or
college if they're not faking fluent.
Yeah. Even in sales. Yeah. I don't know,
man. Yeah. And we talk I talk about it a
lot across the team. So, I do hope to
seed that curiosity. it's not as much of
a mission critical thing. But if you're
a manager and you don't have a high
degree of proficiency to just default to
AI automatically for any problem you're
solving, then it's really difficult to
think that person is going to scale with
the chance. All right. Okay. So, help us
then. Let's be tactical about it. I walk
into owner. I'm a new AE with three
years of experience. What do I walk
into? And does that mean I can do more
meetings, more calls, more outreach,
more texts? Like how does that what do I
walk into and how does that 3 to you
said 3 to 4x I believe you you're very
you're not an exaggerator that's a big 3
to 4x so what do I walk into and how
does how does that output happen it's a
very low bar for some of our competitors
I know but so it's everything is on
Salesforce is the foundation then on top
of that we use momentum for automated
CRM enrichment and you can basically do
whatever you want with momentum it can
look at call transcripts run custom
prompts fill in the Salesforce field run
an automation, ping somebody in Slack,
you said the wrong thing on a deal,
something that we know is the wrong
expectation that'll go to the manager
and the rep and be like, Jason said this
thing, yeah, we don't do to so that they
can correct it before the deal closes.
So momentum is the foundation for a
bunch of our a bunch of our automation
and that's been a big focus. automate
everything like what is in the rep's way
of being on sales calls and following up
and generating revenue every single
minute of the day. Yeah. And so we've
gone
from we've we're probably up 25 to 30%
in terms of the revenue generating
activity time because they don't have to
fill out CRM after. They don't have to
update the notes for the launch team.
It's all done. It's all done for them.
That's is that a it's a classic KPI. Is
that a top KPI getting that above 30%
time in deals? I would like the RGA time
to be like 70 80%. 70 80%. We've gotten
them 25 to 30% more revenue generating
activity time. And how many I remember
back in the day when Brex was taking off
and Sam was really into efficiency preI.
goal was at least four four to be
automation state of 2021 was the rep
would walk in with four four
appointments on their calendar for them.
What is what's the version of that
today? So for us it's four demos. Four
demos a day. Still similar number.
Three. He I think Sam talks about it.
Four meetings of any type. We're trying
to get to four demos. Three held cuz
it's SMB. So there's a nutrition
nutrition rate. And then probably two
follow-ups and then a healthy amount of
white space where they're calling open
opportunities. They're doing a little
bit of pipeline generation but actually
not much on the AE side. Yep. And then
the call prep, call followup, CRM,
handoff stuff is at a minimum. So, let's
talk about AI and followup. You probably
didn't see it, but I I tweeted this and
I told this story of this and I wrote a
Sster post on great AI outreach,
terrible follow-up. I did see this. Did
you see this one? I don't know if folks
saw it. I don't want to repeat it, but
like a week ago, I literally got the
best outbound email ever. It's like for
our podcast and video, like this
session. They said, "I'll take your
session with Kyle. I'll make the world's
best clips. I'll automate all the
editing. I'll put it on iTunes and
Shopify and YouTube for you. I'll do it
all for you. It'll all be I guarantee it
will be better than what you're doing
today. And it was like and this is
exact. And here are my clients just like
Sasser that will do it. And this is a
week ago. So I'm literally like I'm in.
He's you want to do a demo? I'm like no.
What is it? I'm like I didn't care what
it cost as they said as long as it's
fair. I have no time. I'll buy today. So
I was in and then he sends a follow-up
email. What is Saster doing and how many
podcasts have you done? Yeah. Rough.
Okay. Yeah. And then yesterday, I told
the story. I'll tell the follow-up, but
I want to hear your learn. Yesterday, I
told the story before, but I didn't tell
the follow-up. Yesterday morning, I got
an email from a well-known B2B company.
Hey, Jason, saw you'll be at Saster next
week. Would you like to meet next week?
Yeah. Hey, Jason, I know you might be
busy. So many flaws in that. Yes, I
might be busy. Two, this is the worst
week to meet me of all the 50 weeks of
the year, but next week. Okay. So, then
I email him back. Worst outbound ever. I
wrote in all caps. I really can't
believe because I just want to see. I'm
not upset. I just want to see. And then
the guy writes back, "This is what
happens with bad AI automation." Yeah, I
got one of these recently, too. Did you
get one of them, too? Maybe the same
company. So, it's poor orchestration. I
think this is when you have people
trying to apply AI for the sake of it,
but they're not thinking through
customer journey, the entire thing. But
how do you do that owner? So, owner like
restaurants do not suffer fools. I have
no time. No. And your product's
expensive. Yeah. So, how does that how
do you automate the followup? So it's
great. I have a great RevOps leader who
is very fluent in sales and the actual
go to market fundamentals. I think I see
this mistake where you have RevOps
people investigating tools and then
applying them, but then there's no
thought of okay, how does this get to a
rep? How do they follow up? How does the
manager then look at what's going on?
And so I'm in the process of building
what I call the management intelligence
layer, which is what is the always on
layer for the manager to understand
what's happening on a rep byrepp basis
and get prompted when things are either
off base or off track and so that they
can nudge the rep back into track back
onto what they should be doing. And so
you have to think through, okay, there's
AI tools, but then there's also how does
the how does the calendar of the manager
look and how does that integrate with
what they're trying to achieve? And so
we we spent 8 weeks at the beginning of
the year redeploying what I call my like
core operating methodology. And so we
wiped every single meeting off of the
calendar, started from a zero base and
said, "Okay, what are the most important
activities? Coaching is number one.
Okay, let's plant the coaching into the
manager's calendars." And then it's
there's like some audit mechanisms and
then how do you make the audit
mechanisms as efficient and effective as
possible. And so we're starting from
what does the business outcome need to
look like and then layering in AI to
accelerate all those things. Not saying
okay I want to use AI for this thing and
then trying to fit your business into
it. And so I think it's really about
being thoughtful about how you're
orchestrating the entire business and
then using AI as a leverage point as
opposed to oh this AI thing's cool so
I'm going to slap it in. Okay, let's go
to the future a little bit before I I
need I should know this quest the answer
this question. I don't what's our
typical sales cycle at owner and how
many interactions on average does it
take until you close a restaurant? A lot
of one call closes one closes sub 7day
sales cycle. Okay. And so the first
touch point will be a BDR or an SDR
following up. They book a meeting. They
do a confirmation call and then demo
happens. Lots of calls closed on that.
If you're not closing a call in the
demo, it's usually on that follow-up
call. And if you're not getting them on
that follow-up call, the win rate falls
precipitously. And so it's almost not
worth talking about what happens after
that. So the demo may be a good
challenge to this little tweet I have.
But I still want to this is still what I
think is going to happen a lot. I wrote
this April 2024, AI can't beat a good
sales rep. No way. It's dumb. It
hallucinates. April 2025, maybe an okay
rep, right? Yeah. And then April 2026,
our AI is better than 80% of reps. I
want to hear what you think about that.
And then I pulled this. Clary just
published this data. All maybe you saw
it too, right? I always knew this, but
man, this is stark. Clary's Clary I
think was like a million opportunities
or something. The top 10% of reps close
65% of deals. Yeah. I know you have an a
a world-class team, but for these one
call
closes, especially when the customer is
more sophisticated, yours often isn't,
but if I've tried owner, maybe in a year
when everyone has used owner, do I
really need a mediocre sales rep or can
AI close that deal in a year? We are
augmenting reps with AI and not trying
to replace as much. But we are building
a PLG motion that will be heavily AI.
You're going deep on PLG, right? Yeah.
And we're in the process of launching
our one mind superhum. So, it's Amanda
Ko's new business, founder of Six Sense,
and that will deliver a lot of the sales
experience. So, they'll answer questions
on the website, build problem awareness,
book meetings, answer a bunch of
questions. And me as a buyer, I had a
lot of conviction about this one mind
investment because as a buyer, I was
going to their superhuman and asking a
bunch of questions. How does it
integrate? How does it do this? And I
was like, okay, this will work. Yeah.
And it's a question mark if our SMB
restaurant buyer is going to be as
interested in that experience as I was.
But that will do a lot of the sales
funnel. And so what I'm hoping to have
is a part of the sales team that is
really just order taking and they are
doing 15 25 minute hey I'm a human. Let
me make you feel special. Answer a
couple questions. Swipe a card. Swipe a
card. I do believe that the superhuman
will take some portion of people all the
way through the finish line, but I we're
also building a customer journey that is
not AI and then human over here. I'm
trying to build what I call
semi-selfserve which is yep a consistent
customer journey that has different
channels, different experience channels.
You can come onto the website, talk to
the superhuman, you can talk to a rep,
you can go through the productled
journey in the product where you've got
your walk through and asynchronous
demos. And what we want to build because
where I see people go wrong sometimes is
a way for a buyer to go through that
journey, interact in the ways that they
want and not get locked into this
attribution problem or these silos where
you're shipping the or chart and if you
go through PLG and you don't buy like
there's no follow-up. No, I want a
sales. That's the worst. It should be it
should be an automated spectrum, right?
You should get whatever version from PLG
to handheld sales that I want that the
buyer wants. Shouldn't I? Yeah. And and
people look at that, they go, "Oh, I'm
going to pay a sales commission on this
like PLG buyer." And I think it's the
wrong way to look at it. I'm really
trying to think holistically about the
business, holistically about that
customer journey and let people go back
and forth, channel to channel,
experience to experience, and we're just
going to close them wherever we want.
And so you could have a rep that is a
recent BDR promote that is
closing 50 deals in a month at a 910k
ACV because people are coming to them
very warm. Awesome economics. I don't
need to squabble over definitely you
don't need to. Yeah. A related topic but
you worst case you got to double pay for
a while. The AI you got to pay the human
for the AI. Great. And anyone that's
done a hybrid premium self-s serve, this
is not this is pre AAI. You got to do
it. If you get cheap on this, it creates
too many conflicts. But it was
interesting. Even though at first you're
like, I don't I don't know that an AI is
going to close these deals 100%. But
then you have PLG. So you already have a
continuum. In a year or two, owner will
be deep into nine figures in revenue and
you're going to get your second and
third generation customers. They've
already used owner before. Yeah. And but
they went to a they went they that
restaurant shut down or they got a new
job. Yeah, they might not want to talk
to a person. Especially if the product
has a flexible contract, especially if
it's a good deal. I already know. I got
a couple questions, Kyle. Okay. I've
moved to a New Mexican restaurant in
Orange County. New point of sale. Do you
Yeah. Do you integrate with it? Do you
integrate with I got three questions.
I'm in I've already used it before and I
don't that AI might be better than even
on your team might be better than a
human. So that that it could be a
material number of deals closing a year,
couldn't it? With AI. It will for sure.
Yeah, it will. Right. Yeah.
And it gives your team leverage to do
higher and higher value activities, go
after bigger, more complex customers.
The same thing with the onboarding team.
We're really trying to onboard and
leverage AI to automate a ton of what
they do, but it's not to necessarily
replace a whole ton of them. Although we
will definitely slow the headcount
growth in that organization, but there's
so many high lever things that we could
do with a customer in onboarding. teach
them how to use the product better, make
sure that they're like really well
enabled when they launch owner to
celebrate it with their customers and do
a marketing campaign. We we don't have
the capacity to do some of that stuff
now, but once you start to to automate a
ton of the more wrote tasks that we do
with people now, then you can move
people to a higher order activity. I
think yeah, let me ask a specific
question. Brian Halligan who's better
than me at every level, co-founder Jer,
but he said many times what he thinks is
going to happen is AI is going to lead
to more less specialization in sales,
more generalization. I think the
opposite and I but I mean this specific
because you're giving a really
interesting background. I think what may
happen with AI sales teams is you may
just have a demo team. You can call them
sales, but if the one thing you need a
human and an owner is that S tier demo,
maybe the AI does everything. It
seamlessly grabs a person not next week
when their calendar is free, but right
[__] now while they're on the phone.
A human does whatever demo needs and
then digital Jason can take over the
rest if they want or I can, right? But
you might have these interesting, you
might have this human part of on
boarding where you need a little bit of
human a human demo and then this human
help me. I need more help than the AI.
But then those might be like hyper
specialized rather than hypereneralized.
I I certainly lean here. This is we get
into this big debate about the full
cycle rep. I'm not into the full cycle
rep because I believe much more in
specialization. A don't want to
prospect. Cold calling is hard. Unless
it's their only job. It's there's no
chance they'll prospect, is it? Exactly.
And so I am a big believer in
specialization. And similar to you, how
do we think about where we apply the
most expensive human capital to specific
parts of the customer journey? Yeah. But
we'll see. One thing I just and I want
to ask you a follow up on this before
this one. One learning I had from you, I
just hadn't thought about it this way. I
think AI in sales, I have a slide later
we probably won't get to, is going to
lead to a big renaissance in
self-serving PLG because if you want an
AI to close a deal, it can't be a
three-year contract arguing over
discounts and terms. The AI has to be
able to close it with zero friction, no
games. Yeah. So, I think that's going to
happen. People argue I don't think but
your point I think is even more
thoughtful which is that it may blur all
the lines the lines between self-s serve
commercial mid-market maybe not deal
size but all the ways right now we have
different teams interacting with
different types of buyers and it's
shitty for the buyer I whether you're
business whether I'm a tiniest
restaurant midsize I've got five
restaurants I'm bigger it's just as
owner just as important to me it's a big
[__] deal so why do I have to be
segregated to some weird part it's the
game. Why shouldn't I have why shouldn't
all the experience be fluent whether I
self-s serve little help a lot of help
and so it may blur all these lines
between the different categories right I
think so yeah I'm I'm very
anti-attribution in general like I think
we get into problems where we say oh
this is a marketing attributed sourced
deal versus a sales attributed one end
up making the local maxima decisions as
opposed to saying all right how do we
maximize this entire system and the
credit. Let's not worry as much about
the credit. And I think we're going to
run into this because you'll have a
growth team that reports into product
that's doing all the AI stuff that's
taking sales as deals. I a CRO said this
to me like a couple days ago. They were
frustrated by like what's your job here?
Is it to hit your sales number or is it
to build enterprise value? You should
only be here if you're really doing this
for a significant equity outcome. And so
trying to get people's headsp space
around this like more holistic
understanding of building a business is
I think going to be really important
because you're going to see this you're
going to see these silly silos where
it's broken and things don't aren't
communicated across and we're trying to
avoid that. Yeah. I think it's a niche
we'll see. I don't have any passion on
this but I think by the end of next
year a point that everyone from Yam
Ranga and everyone's agreed is all
through the dawn of time we've added
better and better tooling. We added
sales loft and outreach and gong, but
sales reps still close the same 3 to
five. They're closing 3 to five times
their OTE. They're closing 500k, 4, 800,
whatever. I think AI is not only going
to boost that up, like your point. I
actually think what's going to happen
because of attribution is commissions
are going to have by the end of next
year. Yeah. Cuz this is how the math's
going to work. You're going to get
credit for the for it's not just PLG.
You're going to get credit for Kyle's AI
closing the deal without you. Yeah.
Okay. But if that doubles the output of
your org inherently the instead of
whatever you take home 10% overall 15
it's going to be five but you get
everything whatever your patch is team
but I think commissions will have to
have as part of this definitely I think
where there will be some pressure the
other way is for the best sellers if you
have an elite mid-market and enterprise
seller they will have so much more
leverage with all of these tools that
the competitive dynamic will say it was
only that seller was worth 350K to me
before, but now look at what they're
going to produce. Like I'll pay 500
grand for that person to pull them from
somewhere else. And the best might make
more, right? One way or the other, the
best might make more, right? I think so.
And then what And then let's go on the
next point. But then let me Okay, so
you're developing an elite team. You
work so hard to recruit the best. That's
why you're here. You're here to help the
team, but you're also here so people see
you. You're constantly, as we've written
since the beginning, like most of the
best, you're constantly recruiting one
way or the other, right?
What about the guys we just talked
about? The one that says sasters next
week, the do they honestly between us,
do they have a job next year in this new
world? Do they have a job? That mediocre
rep working 15 hours a week from home
with three side hustles, mostly working
on their ADU and their Airbnb. This was
everyone in
2021. Do they have a job? I don't think
they have a job next year. I think most
I think they're going to quickly lose
all and they're not going and I don't
think they're going to step up and
become AI experts. I don't think they're
going to go to your class at Pavilion
and the next week wake up and be like,
"Okay, I want to work 50 hours a week on
this AI enabled sales life." Yeah.
What's going to happen to these to the
others? I think you're right. Yeah.
Would I make a $100,000 bet on it? Like
you I'll give you I'll give you four to
one. So, you just closed a billion
dollar fundraising. I won't give you 10
to one. I might give you 10 to one if
you want. So, I agree with you very
much. I think AI will contribute much
more to elite performers. And there's
some research, I can't remember where it
came from, but there's a bunch of
research that showed that AI for call
center teams raised the floor
significantly and most of the gains were
attributed to the lowest performing
individuals. It brought low performers
up to a better standard. But in the
world of PhD research, AI was actually
making the best researchers even better.
So the gains were going to the most
sophisticated people in that craft.
Yeah, I think in many parts of sales
you'll see the best get better and there
it become an even bigger bifurcation and
if you're doing this side hustle thing
you want to work 20 30 hours a week yeah
it's going to be really tough yeah to
survive one of one of the I've known him
for a long time one of the best sale in
IC sales IC I've known for years right
emailed me this week while I was here my
[__] middle hey Jason I'm looking for
my next role got any good ideas and I
emailed him back have you gone to the
fund website do you even know what
companies like owner I'm working with is
now I haven't done that
if it was two years ago I'd find him a
job today I I just think it's hopeless I
just think it's and this is a guy who's
had multiple roles where he was in the
top top 10% right but he's running that
playbook he's always worked from home in
shorts okay since the very beginning now
it's a Harry Stebings vibe okay but back
then I was like I remember when he was
hired back then I'm like we can't hire a
guy that works from home in shorts but
he crushed it he crushed it but man that
wasn't enough effort was emailing me in
the middle of in the middle of faster.
Didn't even know what's going on and
just said, "Hey, dude. I'm looking for a
job." Didn't didn't even know what I'm
involved with. Yeah, that's tough. He
ain't going to This guy is But my point
is he was great. I don't think he's
going to make the jump. I don't think
he's going to make the jump without
knowing him. I I definitely lean in your
direction. It's It is going to be a very
difficult market to survive in if you
aren't still in a career stage where you
are out there trying to figure out the
next thing. We haven't gone through this
big of a dislocation since the beginning
of the AI acceleration tool era and I
was super early. I was like one of the
first sales cadence customers. Kyle
Porter onboarded me himself and we got
like a 5x leverage on a per BDR basis.
The BDR team I inherited was like a
dumpster fire. But all we had to do was
some better training and we gave them
this tool that nobody else was using and
we still used that like predictable
revenue playbook. Hey, I'm looking for
the person that does this and people
would respond to that email and tell you
the person and then you forward it. That
obviously doesn't work anymore, but the
the competitive advantage we got then
was so significant that it changed the
trajectory of companies. And the same
thing is with AI. You're going to win or
you're going to adapt and build a
competitive advantage or it's going to
be really painful. And some of this will
be competed away cuz everybody's going
to do it. And so thinking about how to
do it most thoughtfully and be ahead of
the curve, things have never been more
difficult, I would think. Yeah. So this
one I think we hit this slide you but
feel free to add on top of it. This is
this is actually a slide from Gorgeous.
We talked about it. They've got
20,000 more and more more AIdriven
contact centers and e-commerce in the
Shopify ecosystem that Kyle knows. And
this is them and their competitors. I've
locked out the names, but they're you
don't know who it is. There's Zenesk,
Intercom, others in there. And this is
this was this is from a couple months
ago so it's already changed but I'm
color blind but the big the bar charts
are what everyone says AI does. All
their marketing sites say 60%. And these
were the actual numbers based on a third
party study they paid for. Okay. So on
the one end you can see that the there's
a delta between the marketing claims and
reality but also this but it but none of
them are zero. And so what we're already
seeing in the contact center is yes some
of the claims are a little aggressive
right but folks are laying off 25 30% of
their teams not to just to save money
but because the AI is better and the AI
is always in the top 10% of sees it's
never number one it's never the best and
we can mock this we say that's because
it's doing easy issues right but who
cares who cares if digital Kyle solves
my freaking problem because I got the
wrong watch when I ordered it online who
cares but this is disruptive and I think
in the end of next year maybe when we're
here next year this is going to start to
happen to sales and we're going to see
but owner it's only 10% because
everything's a demo but at gorgeous
where you don't need a demo because most
folks self-s serve half of it is done by
AI I think we're going to see charts
like this next year for sales 100%.
Yeah. Then I think where you see people
are going wrong right now, they go, "Oh,
it's not good enough to do X and Y
today." So they're like not investing.
So we use too much. We hear that. So we
use Crescendo for support automation and
the first couple months. Yeah. We're
like, you know, you you expect AI is
going to be this like miraculous thing.
And it was like okay, but our knowledge
base was crappy at the time. Yeah. And
it would be really easy to be like, oh,
I don't know. It's it's not worth it.
But then every week we produce 4 to 10
new knowledgebased articles and that AI
containment that bot containment rate
jumps 3% 4% 6% and now like almost 50%
of our tier one support tickets are AI
contained% and it's it wasn't easy and
AI made us realize that some
deficiencies in how we were managing
support and so you just have to be
betting on the future because that will
so it's 50% of tier 1 it'll be 80% and
tier one soon and it's going to eat a
bunch of tier 2 and then what we use
real support people for will be like
very sophisticated stuff that that you
need more highly trained folks for. So I
think you're going to see that
everywhere just so you started and then
I'll tie this to like what I learned
from RAI and then Dar from Deli's app is
going to explain how it really works but
so you started with tool you didn't
upload enough of your documentation you
thought we uploaded everything we
realized that wasn't enough it wasn't
enough right that it didn't just
magically work out of the box so you
added more did you do QA did you see
mistakes and update and interact yeah
every week there's a QA meeting with
Crescendo and their team and we go
through what what needed to be escalated
to a person and why and should that have
been bought contained. We go, "Oh,
there's nothing in the knowledge base
that explains how this is done." Even
though our support team might know how
to do it. So then, but then they just go
add to training every week. Yeah. And
then we're using AI to create that
information. It just gets better, right?
Yeah. Through guru. So we looked at a
bunch of like knowledgebased AI stuff
and ended up using Guru's AI. That's
cool. Yeah. Rick's been doing this since
the beginning. Super smart, the CEO
here. Yeah. And that's a great example
of a company who could have been
massively disrupted, but they went all
in really fast. And we looked at a bunch
of comparative things and we're like,
"Oh, the best tool is the one we have.
We just need to turn it on." And so now
when there's answers in Slack, it pulls
that into a knowledgebased suggestion.
We do a quick the knowledge team does a
quick edit, clicks publish, it's in the
knowledge base, it gets picked up on the
Crescendo side. And so there's this
flywheel now of issue identification,
content creation, deployment, and that
loop is fast. Yeah. For us and Kyle's
stories, but just to tie it together, if
you go to try RAI, it's on saster.com in
the chat bubbler in the middle of the
homepage. And you can see it here. It's
trained. It took about a day to train it
on 17.8 million words of content. And it
was pretty good. And already was great
because maybe it had more content than
your knowledge base. It has 12 years of
SAS content, very specific. And then
once in a while and then I read as many
of them as I can and once in a while it
and I tell you what I learned
specifically the mistakes it makes. So
it's not that many. It makes a mistake.
So I for and I enjoy it. I like it like
you did. I like this stuff. Right. So
when I'm having my second cup of coffee
in the morning I see what the handful of
mistakes it makes a couple percent and I
just go and I change it. It literally
take I don't even need a team. I do it
in two minutes. The only real
hallucination it did, and it is
interesting, is for Saster Europe, it
kept telling everybody the wrong date
for this year. And why did it do it? We
have, and maybe Darra can explain to us
how the ragging and vagging and
vectoring works, but we've been doing
this since 2017, but we didn't publish
the date online. So, it was guessing.
Yeah. And it kept guess and it didn't
guess the same, which is interesting.
Sometimes it would say, "We'll see you
in London in September." Sometimes it
would say June because we've had it at
different dates. And I saw it a couple
times. So, I go and there's literally a
train thing. It took me 5 seconds and I
said the question is when's SAS Europa?
I said we're having Christmas in London
first week of December and the next day
next time. So if just keep doing
improving it. It this is the thing
people don't get if you haven't done it.
If your AI is great out of the box great
okay if it does 20% of things that's a
lot better than zero but just every just
improve it. Pick a [__] platform. It
doesn't actually matter if it's Guru or
Crescendo or Gore or it doesn't matter.
And just commit to making it better
every week and you'll be shocked where
it is in 8 weeks. Right. Yeah. 8 weeks
it'll be so much better. And I don't
know if I blame the vendors for this or
the buyers, but everybody expects it to
just work out of the box and this
magical miraculous thing. No, it's hard
work. And we had the advantage at owner
of being a very disciplined
documentation culture. And so like we
use this company called Avara as an AI
sales simulator. Now it's an AI sales
coach, but I write a lot and because I
we're a remote company and I want
everybody to have written documentation
of all the things that we want to teach
you. And so when we got stood up with
it, it very quickly did a pretty great
job of mimicking not a generic
challenger style or sand. This is my
methodology that I've created over the
years because it's all written. But
that's really hard work and we have the
advantage that it was already done. But
I think the buyers of these tools need
to understand that you need to go do a
bunch of the foundation work to create
the content and tweak it every single
day, every single week. I'm in the one
mind sim like on a every other day just
doing sims and filling up the
spreadsheet. It's not easy, but the
leverage is so significant. I know that
every hour I spend there, the
incremental leverage of now this thing
getting in front of thousands of website
visitors every single week. You got to
you got to do the work and it's none of
the work. None of it's magic. This is
Yeah. People some of it to the prior
slide is vendors overpromising. Let's be
clear. But last SAS angel last one was
not a year ago. It was only in September
and everyone laughed about AIS. Okay.
Tomas Tongas came and said he did the
survey and no one could get them to
work. I didn't have an opinion, but I
did it on our LinkedIn poll. We had
3,000 folks. Only 2% folks said they get
the SD work. And so I'm all in, but but
I missed the point. Yeah, I missed the
point that faster day SDRs do work. In
fact, the stories I just told it. Yam
said she responded to two SDRs. It's
just you got to know what the tool can
do. And every month it's going to get
better. But expecting that the lazy
approach to AI is also death. Yeah. The
lazy, oh, I'm going to hire an agency to
do AI SDRs. I'm going to just hire a
clay agency and I'm done. That's where
you're also going to get slaughtered.
You got to be in it all the time. Maybe
forever. We're going to be We have to be
what how we train our AIs in two years
is probably nothing like today, but
we're still going to be training them.
Yeah. And maybe our AI will train our
AIS, but And you'll be at some point
managing a bunch of people and a bunch
of agents and but that's real work. It's
a different type of work, but it needs
to happen. Okay. We won't get through
all of this, but I want to hear you as a
case study on a few of the points that
I've made in the past. This one that
folks can't see, but I said not everyone
has the quality of team of owner, but I
said AI for us, this is what I learned
from our AI is already better than
almost any BDR I've talked to in terms
of qualification. The average kid coming
out of one year of school that doesn't
know how to spell owner, that has done
no research. That doesn't happen in
owner, but man, it happens. It happens
elsewhere that can't answer any of my
questions. Like, it's better. So, what I
did for us is we have a perspectus for
the sponsors here. It's a public facing,
but then we have this docu 100 pages
that Ameilia has developed on
everything. How can I get ice cream in
my booth? How big's what's the artwork
look like? What's the DPI? What is it
right on our little team of three? They
don't know the answer, right? Yeah. I
stuck it in our AI through Deli and the
next day could answer all the questions.
Mhm. And it started and then it answered
all the related questions and then it
answered a question. What's the
difference between a silver booth and a
gold booth and a bronze? What's it what
and then all of a sudden it was better
than any human because there's too much
detail. Yeah. that amount of de you
cannot you can only expect so many
humans to know what's the size of the
ice cream cone I can have in a silver
booth and what time do I have to show up
and how many leads will I get and it
said on average you get 218 leads for
your type of person so I'm like I've
never met a BDR this good and I think so
my view and challenge this I think the
mediocre BDR in a year will be out of
business I don't think we'll need any of
these BDRs that when you reach out I
think a website should be an AI should
be able to qualify and no one likes to
be qualified
I hate being I can smell the
qualification
you it smells smurmy and so I just don't
see the need at all for this qualifi not
outbound but this qualifying BDR very
much in the future I think for a ton of
markets that's very true I think there's
some niche cases where you have a
prospect that really wants to talk to a
person and for us it's going to be
really interesting to see the pickup
rate of our one mind superhuman with a
restaurant buyer that is not very
technology savvy And I would I'm hoping
it'd be proven wrong and people to love
and cuz it's AI atom. That's the thing.
We've trained it to I think they're I
think they're going to love it. They
love AI. Now I know it's tech focused
but we've had we they love AI Jason
better than me. And so I think for Yeah.
I think for at least by volume at least
by volume you can't remember every
single thing you've ever written. It's
impossible. And so I think for most
markets this is very true. I think the
SE thing is a great use case. Yeah, you
have these AIES that can join a Zoom
call, answer questions which are when
you're called upon. I think there's a
bunch of that's going to be really
compelling, but then there are the
solutions engineers that are great at
asking the really incisive business
questions and have worked with a bunch
of similar customers and there will be
value. But again, it's the best will
still have a place and anybody that's
punching a clock Yeah. like why wouldn't
this be better? Yeah. The other thing
what everyone again and then let me I
just want to pick one related thing to
get your thoughts on. This is one of my
top learnings from RAI from these
conversations is that people there and
for a lot of reasons will prefer to talk
to a great AI if it's mediocre. No one
wants to talk to a bot. I think bot
people still use this term bot. I would
banish it because bot is like IVR. It
just has negative maybe Darl will
disagree. I just think it for me it has
negative connotations. The last thing I
want to do when I'm ready to buy is be
forced to talk to a crappy bot. Okay.
But when Ra is so good, it's like,
great. Thank you so much. You're
awesome. Thanks for doing People. This
is to an AI. You're awesome. Thanks for
doing what you're doing. You don't say
that to a bot, do you? No. You're
awesome. Again, thank you. Great help.
Thank you. I would rather, especially
when I'm working at 6 p.m., especially
when I don't want to wait to get
scheduled. I would rather talk to this S
tier AI and it knows the product cold.
So, I want your thoughts in general, but
there's a specific bit of hubris that
many folks in sales have. So many. I'm a
people person, Kyle. And people like to
talk to people.
Now, people like to talk to the best
solution architect in the world that
also deployed my product, even if we
don't even use it at owner, that also
helped me get going at my my buddy down
the street. And this is David, and he
did it. I want to talk to David. Yeah.
But this idea that you can be a people
person and not be a product savant in
techn I just don't care that you know
who won the NBA finals. Yeah. Hey buddy.
Like that. People think they're people
person in sales and I think they're lazy
and they're smoozers and I don't think
it's going to work in the age of AI.
We're going to find out. I'm Do you
think being a people person and not
knowing owner helps you close a deal?
No. No. Absolutely not. But most sales
people think that, don't they? They're
great people persons. Many do. Many do.
And a challenger would tell you, the
challenger sales book will tell you that
profile is actually one of the worst
performing profiles out there. And what
is the best performing profile? It's the
challenger. Somebody who can teach,
tailor, and take control. Teach means
you know the market, you know the
product. Tailor, I can really listen to
you. So I can do both. Yeah. Going to
take the third one's take control. You
can do that too. Yeah. It can I think it
can do the best first two better than
90% of humans going to that first point
from if you build it the right way. I
think you've had great help building
this. I had almost no help. Amazing. I
appreciate the team. That's what I mean.
I had an hour of help. Really? This is
the point people are missing. The Deli
team did wasn't they I had Listen, I was
a little frustrated at the time. In all
fairness, I got about an hour of help
just because I had a little trouble with
the ingestion. I got no help after that.
Maybe in the background I got a little
I've done it. Wow. I talked to people,
they're like, "Yeah, I hired this a I'm"
I'm like, "I did it. Listen, I'm a
little techsavvy, but I haven't pulled
up my Python coding. Okay, I'm not using
I love Windsor. I'm not using it. I do
it. Not no one on the team. What? Good
for Deli. That's a great Yeah, but all
the tools in Deli is cool, but all the
tools should be this good. There's no
excuse in 2025. There's no excuse.
They're definitely not.
The This is I think a lot of sales tools
are not as good as Windsurf and they
should be. Yeah. When sales tool, this
is my view. The only reason sales tools
aren't as good as Windsurf is because
Verun isn't building a lot of them.
Yeah. Okay. I just think, and there's no
criticism, I love everyone that's here.
There aren't enough S tier founders. If
an if a bunch of S tier like the best in
the world said, you know what? We're
going to build an AE. Not all the other
stuff. Not discovery, analysis,
sentiment. I'm actually going to go
further, Kyle. We're going to build you
and me are going to hire the three best
engineers out of OpenAI and Windsurf.
And we are going to build a complete AE,
not a partial AE. Okay, I think we could
do it and I think it would blow. I think
it's possible today cuz it's possible in
Windsurf. GTM techch often times doesn't
attract those founders cuz it's so
competitive and people don't want to
invest in it and it's a go be that one.
Be the wind surf of your category, you
will run away. I think I agree. I very
much agree with that. Maybe owners a
little bit of that. Yeah. I think that
in restaurants a little bit. Yeah. I
think there's a one of the challenges
that so many of my CRO friends have is
trying to figure out who to choose and
there's so many okay products that are a
great demo but a really bad
implementation and there's a thousand
people in every single category and so
you got this sort of paralysis and so
you have to be quite good at picking
these early stage winners. If you want
to be early, it means you're partnering
with really young companies. And I've
had the advantage of doing a bunch of
angel and being involved in some venture
funds and following it very closely. So,
I've been able to take my founder radar
and apply it to the vendors I'm
choosing. And so, I'm choosing founders
that have that like A+ upside that have
a really sharp opinion on the market and
have probably done it before. And so,
I've made some pretty good bets. Like,
momentum is winning in their category.
Avara like they're ripping like shipping
product at a ridiculous rate and I think
that's a big reason we've been
successful is because we've chosen good
tools and I see a lot of people choosing
this like the most random things coming
out of it's complicated. Our AI gets
this question a lot. What should I use?
Yeah, cuz it is confusing. My meta
advice is when the world's changing,
copy someone you respect, whoever it is.
It doesn't need to be those that stack.
It could be it but talk to someone you
respect. Copy it and then go in with
five but measured expectations. Go in
and do not expect magic but do not
expect it to be magical immediately.
You're this is a commitment whatever
tool you pick guru deli whatever tool
artisan which is very cool all of them
ampar and then every week you got to
invest. Yeah. You have to invest for
real and you and this is going to make
sos and cos have to be much more
technical not engineers but much more
technical. you're going to and then
every whatever platform you pick is
still immature today. It's still
immature, but invest in it, improve it
each week, and then the magic is going
to your point. If you have a high
velocity team, the product itself will
get better every month. It's small, but
with Deli, like when we launched this 2
months ago, it couldn't ingest PDFs,
okay, for whatever reasons. Then it
added it and now founders have uploaded
like hundreds of decks for VC. Give me
feedback on my board slides. Give me
feedback. I didn't have to write a lot,
do anything. It just added it, right?
So, if you invest in a platform and the
team is high velocity, every month it
will get better, too. But you got to
pick one and expect like you'll get half
of what you hoped, right? And half's a
lot. And you have to be really committed
to making it work. You got to put the
resources behind it. And as a CRO, like
you have to consistently push people on
it. The amount of times I have said in
Slack, use momentum for that. Somebody
will be talking about, oh, we audited 20
calls to see if people are doing I'm
like, what are you doing? Use momentum.
You just write a prompt, run it on every
single call that ever happens, stuff it
into a Salesforce field, get a Slack
notification. And so I've pushed it so
hard on so many things now the muscle is
there for people to be to have an idea
and go oh like I'm just going to talk
about revops of building that into
momentum. It takes 20 minutes yeah to do
and so you have to put in the work to
set it up right and tune it but then
also consistently push adoption down to
your folks. The other thing I'll say
about picking vendors is push for
pilots. Push for somebody to show you
that this thing actually works. It's not
always possible. And why not? Why isn't
it possible? I mean, yeah, there's
training. I'm But I'm with you. I I
agree with you. Push for pilots. I don't
mean to be a grouch, but if you can't
get a pilot, this is just me. I'm being
a little But I mean it. I'm not being I
wouldn't buy the product. Yeah. There's
exceptions. There's exceptions, but it
says something if you can't get a pilot,
isn't it? That it's hard to deploy. We
didn't do a pilot with one mind because
there is so much in the implementation.
Yeah, we've put a lot of effort into it
and so I understand why a pilot wouldn't
have made sense for that cuz there's
it's trying to do so much. It's plugging
into all of these tools we have. But
basically everything else I said this is
great. I'll I'm happy to pilot but I'm
not making any commitments up front and
90% of the time you'll get that back
channel hard. Tell me about some
customers and then go talk to them and
get the real feedback. You got to be
really choiceful because you waste a lot
of time with the wrong tool. Yep. All
right. Let me I want to dig into one or
two things for run of time. We talked
about this one to two call closes. You
thought it might be 10%, but now you're
starting to agree with me. It might be
50%. As we go on, depends on the time
horizon. It will be 50%, is that in 6
months, 12 months, 24 months? It it is
an eventuality. Yeah. Let me ask you
about this point. I actually didn't
realize it on the slide. I think it's
actually the third one. I'm color blind
in yellow or green or whatever it is.
Maybe I said CRO and CRO, but I also
mean RevOps. I think this year to be a
revops professional imminently in a CRO
by the end of this year you will have to
know how to manage a 50/50 team 50% AI
50% human not just tools but you will
have to learn how to manage agents
agents AIS whether that's training
whether that's whatever your team your
extended team this is PLG 2.0 0 on
steroids, right? Your team may be half
AI, half humans, or it doesn't matter if
it's 2080 or 3070, right? Your team will
as soon as it's double digits, yeah, you
better know how to manage this hybrid
team of humans and AIs. It sounded crazy
a couple months ago. I don't I think
it's going to you're going to have to
know this year. Will the CRO need to do
that? I'm not sure how like how much of
this can you have in your RevOps team?
And it's okay, we have these three
strategies. This is what's happening and
the agent management is going to happen
somewhere. Yeah, this is why we're
hiring this GTMai lead cuz there's a
bunch of things that I want to do that
I'm tinkering with and we're doing in
RevOps, but I want somebody to own this.
And so is all of the agent management
happen is can we put that in one
function cuz they will do it so well
that there will be so much more
leverage. We're going to find I'm
actively trying to answer this question.
I mean, I hope so. I worry though is if
the CRO or VP of sales job is to hire
Janette that is my AI revops person.
That to me feels like a CRO that's never
done outbound hiring Mr. Outbound. I've
written about like the 100% failure
rate. Yeah. New VP of sales CRO comes in
only done inbound only done whenever.
I'm like oh my god I got to do outbound.
I'm going to go find a director of
outbound that then hires 11 SDRs off the
street in one week and it never works.
If it's not your core competence, super
hard to do it out of the gate. So if
it's I hear you, you're the best of the
best. But the next co I interview, I'm
gonna ask, how are you going to manage a
team that's 25% AI and 75% and if his
answer is I'm going to go I'm going to
find a AI guru. I think I'm going to
tell a co not to hire him. That's a fair
point. Yeah. And maybe it's semantics.
There's a bunch of my personal workflows
that are all and we're saying a anything
AI is an agent. Now I I have a different
definition of agent we don't need to get
into but yeah a lot of my job is done
through AI. So am I managing agents
today? Sure you could call it that but I
think the point remains a lot of your
job is going to be through AI workflows
and agentic services and managing all of
these
tools. A lot of my job is managing the
system and infrastructure of our
business anyways. And so the same thing
called by another name. I think the
point is you need to be a highly systems
engineering focused CRO to survive over
the next two to five to 10 years. If you
don't have the acumen to be able to
understand how customer journey connects
to systems and infrastructure and
connects to the rep process and how this
whole orchestration works, you will
greatly struggle because you can't win
on oh I'm a great sales guy and I'm a
good manager and people like me that I'm
a good manager, people like me. That
version of a CRO will not survive in
this era. You need to be able to think
in systems. Maybe maybe the polyiana
version is may maybe I'm wrong. Maybe
what happens is the another possible
outcome in some cases is the CRO's role
just shrinks. Okay. So imagine for your
revenue in a year 40% sold closed by an
AI salesperson and 60% is by the sales
team. Maybe instead of the CR having to
be an expert like we're like we want
maybe the role just shrinks right and
and certainly like in the B TOC side
you've seen some of it at Shopify or at
the low end of owner in some ways that
happened because marketing does much
more and more of if in the B TOC side if
marketing can just run the campaign and
close the deal there's no salesperson
involved right so maybe they don't
become dinosaurs it's just they become
but even that that's a hopeful view
right is that a dated skill set just
gets shrunk but I think you're going to
have to manage your AI team and your
human team Yeah, I agree. Which is
different than a tool. It's harder than
a tool to manage an AI team and a human
team, right? There will be a bifurcation
of outcomes. I think if you don't become
AI native really quickly, your role will
shrink and then this will get done
elsewhere. If you can become AI native,
then your role as a CRO will contain
that. I spend a lot of time on PLG. I
spend a lot of time on on this whole
thing. So, my role has grown. If
anything, there's more things that's
it's grown, right? But I'm super early
on it and I'm making it a big focus.
Okay, last one. And we touched on all
this other stuff. It was great. Th this
is my view that people think is kooky. I
don't think it's cookookie anymore. That
and maybe you're even going to pilot
this. Maybe you hit it with Amanda's
product which is in the next X months.
It's not everyone's got a freaking
noteaker like Granola, Janola, Otter. We
do these workshop Wednesdays this year.
There's 200 noteakers. Hooray. I give
up. Right. I don't view that as and
they're sales focused notetakers and it
helps. Right? I think a digital SE like
this is Brian Halligan's digital one on
Deli is going to come to the zooms.
Yeah, why wouldn't it? The human it's
person is going to be there and I
brought this up and Darra said give me
another release and this will be full
duplex like my AI and Brian's can talk
together but this person is going to be
there should be there on all the Zooms
at least as an SE. Yeah. Like as good as
you like you're going to have digital
Adam the CEO digital digital Kyle should
be here. that is you but better because
you know everything in the product. This
humanlike version should show up. I
think this is soon and will change the
whole way we do Zooms in sales. This is
very much on my road map. And you're
doing this right. Not a noteaker, not
someone to send a chat, a literally a
humanlike person that we're not
pretending isn't an AI, but is better
than a human as an SE, right? Yeah. And
can be activated when called upon and
also proactively jump in. What I would
like is when a sales rep says something
that's incorrect. The AI goes actually
the integration isn't like this. It's
like that. I That's what I can think is
going to happen. But for what it's
worth, no break. I don't think it's
going to be proactive. I think this only
works if they're on every call. Yeah.
Oh, they'll be on every call, but every
call and they listen. And then you ask
Kyle, actually, I'm confused how our POS
integration works. And digital Brian
jumps in. This is exactly how it works.
And it's a it's a little digital, but
it's better than a human, but not I
don't think that rep will even get to
choose. It will be on everyone like a
notetaker. Absolutely. The will not be
choosing it owner. It will be there.
You're the best. We'll dig on this more
in the coming months. Thanks, my friend.
Thanks, everybody.